README.md, before:

GLESContextAndroid
==================
This project sets up GLES context in Android, creates a native object, and renders to the display from native code. The rendering call simply changes the screen color to blue. OpenGL ES and GLSL versions are displayed on the screen using Java. We use an AsyncTask to communicate across GL and UI threads in Android.

A blog describing this project:
http://www.anandmuralidhar.com/blog/android/gles-context/

License
-------

Copyright 2016 Anand Muralidhar

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

Changed the project to the corner detection one to avoid issues about  importing glm opencv libraries.

README.md, after:

CornerDetectAndroid
===================
This project focuses on a close integration between the device camera, OpenCV, and OpenGL ES. 
- It processes images from device’s camera in native code.
- Then detects feature points using OpenCV’s ORB detector and highlights them in the image.
- Finally renders the image with GLES.

A blog describing this project:
http://www.anandmuralidhar.com/blog/android/corners

The project will run on devices with ABI armeabi-v7a.

License
-------

Copyright 2016 Anand Muralidhar

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
